Update readme (#1322)
mate-academy/py-herbivores-and-carnivores: checklist.md

def get_full_name(x: str, y: str) -> str:
    return f"{x} {y}"
```
5. Place each argument on a new line, including `self`, with proper indentation and formatting
 
Good example:

```python
def __init__(
        self, 
        name: str,
        age: int
) -> None:
```
Bad example:

```python
def __init__(self, 
             name: str,age: int) -> None:
```

> 6. It's good practice to specify type annotations for clarity, such as using `list[Animal]` instead of `list` to indicate a list of Animal instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. It's important to use type annotations for clarity, such as `list[Animal]` instead of just `list` to specify a list of Animal instances

```

## Clean Code

> 1. No need to add comments if the code is clear and self-explanatory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. There’s no need to add comments if the code is clear and self-explanatory.
```
